README.md, before:

# xOCaml

Exercism Exercises in OCaml

## Contributing Guide

Contributions to the OCaml track (or any other part of Exercism) are very welcome!

Please see the [contributing guide](https://github.com/exercism/docs/blob/master/contributing-to-language-tracks/README.md) for overall guidance. The below
notes contain a few details specific to Ocaml.

## Prerequisites

The OCaml track assumes installation of OCaml version 4.06.1, and installation of Core_kernel, OUnit, and React (for the Hangman exercise).
Assuming you have opam, these can be installed with
```bash
opam install core_kernel ounit react

## Notes on prerequisite libraries

Core_kernel is a standard library replacement. If you prefer to write your exercises using the standard library distributed with OCaml,
or to use other standard library replacements (such as Batteries), that is also an option. If you find any difficulties doing so please raise
an issue.
OUnit is a unit testing library.
React is a reactive library, just used in the hangman exercise.

```

## Running Tests

To run all the tests, type `make` from the top level ocaml directory.

To run tests for an individual exercise, `make test-assignment ASSIGNMENT=luhn`

## Adding an Exercise

The [contributing guide](https://github.com/exercism/docs/blob/master/contributing-to-language-tracks/README.md) provides guidance on
how to add a new exercise, or port an existing exercise from another language track. This is a brief guide, with specifics for the OCaml stream.

Firstly, register the exercise in [config json](https://github.com/exercism/docs/blob/master/contributing-to-language-tracks/README.md#configjson). The name of the exercise should go in the "slug" entry.

Then, write the exercise tests & proof of concept implementation.
A folder layout for an exercise called "ocaml-exercise" is below.

```
└── exercises
    └── ocaml-exercise
        ├── .merlin (provided IDE assistance - copy this from any of the other Ocaml exercises)
        ├── example.ml (a proof of concept implementation)
        ├── ocaml_exercise.mli (the interface definition for the exercise)
        ├── HINTS.md (additional hints to anyone trying the exercise - optional)
        ├── Makefile (standard - copy this from any of the other Ocaml exercises)
        ├── test.ml (unit tests)
```
In this example, the Makefile would look for an implementation in ocaml_exercise.ml - as it matches the .mli file name. When developing it is easier to create and edit ocaml_exercise.ml, but the code should be copied to example.ml prior to submitting a pull request (and ocaml_exercise.ml should not be submitted).  

All pull requests are run through a Travis CI build, which compiles and runs tests.

## Canonical test data

If you are implementing an existing test, there may be "canonical data" for it in the [x-common](https://github.com/exercism/x-common) repository.
An example: https://github.com/exercism/x-common/blob/master/exercises/bracket-push/canonical-data.json

You should base your tests off this data, in order to provide consistency across different language tracks.

There is a test generator which can create test code from these json files and an OCaml template file that you 
would need to create. It is a work in progress, so may not work for every exercise. If you wish to use it, there
is documentation [here](tools/test-generator/README.md).

## Feedback

If you find this documentation is inaccurate or incomplete, or can be improved in any way, please don't hesitate to raise an [issue](https://github.com/exercism/ocaml/issues) or submit a pull request.


### OCaml icon
The [OCaml](https://ocaml.org) logo is released under the [Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) license.

Commit message:

Fix readme formatting, and add note on jbuild

README.md, after:

# xOCaml

Exercism Exercises in OCaml

## Contributing Guide

Contributions to the OCaml track (or any other part of Exercism) are very welcome!

Please see the [contributing guide](https://github.com/exercism/docs/blob/master/contributing-to-language-tracks/README.md) for overall guidance. The below
notes contain a few details specific to Ocaml.

## Prerequisites

The OCaml track assumes installation of OCaml version 4.06.1, and installation of Core_kernel, OUnit, and React (for the Hangman exercise).
Assuming you have opam, these can be installed with
```bash
opam install core_kernel ounit react
```

## Notes on prerequisite libraries

Core_kernel is a standard library replacement. If you prefer to write your exercises using the standard library distributed with OCaml,
or to use other standard library replacements (such as Batteries), that is also an option. If you find any difficulties doing so please raise
an issue.
OUnit is a unit testing library.
React is a reactive library, just used in the hangman exercise.

## Running Tests

To run all the tests, type `make` from the top level ocaml directory.

To run tests for an individual exercise, `make test-assignment ASSIGNMENT=luhn`

The Makefile is a slim wrapper around [dune](https://github.com/ocaml/dune). Each exercise has a jbuild file which describes how to build it.

## Adding an Exercise

The [contributing guide](https://github.com/exercism/docs/blob/master/contributing-to-language-tracks/README.md) provides guidance on
how to add a new exercise, or port an existing exercise from another language track. This is a brief guide, with specifics for the OCaml stream.

Firstly, register the exercise in [config json](https://github.com/exercism/docs/blob/master/contributing-to-language-tracks/README.md#configjson). The name of the exercise should go in the "slug" entry.

Then, write the exercise tests & proof of concept implementation.
A folder layout for an exercise called "ocaml-exercise" is below.

```
└── exercises
    └── ocaml-exercise
        ├── .merlin (provided IDE assistance - copy this from any of the other Ocaml exercises)
        ├── example.ml (a proof of concept implementation)
        ├── ocaml_exercise.mli (the interface definition for the exercise)
        ├── HINTS.md (additional hints to anyone trying the exercise - optional)
        ├── Makefile (standard - copy this from any of the other Ocaml exercises)
        ├── test.ml (unit tests)
```
In this example, the Makefile would look for an implementation in ocaml_exercise.ml - as it matches the .mli file name. When developing it is easier to create and edit ocaml_exercise.ml, but the code should be copied to example.ml prior to submitting a pull request (and ocaml_exercise.ml should not be submitted).  

All pull requests are run through a Travis CI build, which compiles and runs tests.

## Canonical test data

If you are implementing an existing test, there may be "canonical data" for it in the [x-common](https://github.com/exercism/x-common) repository.
An example: https://github.com/exercism/x-common/blob/master/exercises/bracket-push/canonical-data.json

You should base your tests off this data, in order to provide consistency across different language tracks.

There is a test generator which can create test code from these json files and an OCaml template file that you 
would need to create. It is a work in progress, so may not work for every exercise. If you wish to use it, there
is documentation [here](tools/test-generator/README.md).

## Feedback

If you find this documentation is inaccurate or incomplete, or can be improved in any way, please don't hesitate to raise an [issue](https://github.com/exercism/ocaml/issues) or submit a pull request.


### OCaml icon
The [OCaml](https://ocaml.org) logo is released under the [Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) license.
