SETUP.md, before:


## Getting Started
For installation and learning resources, refer to the
[exercism help page](http://exercism.io/languages/ocaml).

## Installation
To work on the exercises, you will need `Opam` and `Core`. Consult [opam](https://opam.ocaml.org) website for instructions on how to install for your OS. Once `opam` is installed open a terminal window and run the following command to install core:

opam install core

## Running Tests
Because OCaml is a compiled language you need to compile your submission and the test code before you can run the tests. Compile with

```bash
$ corebuild -quiet test.native
```

and when successful run the tests by running the `test.native` executable:

```bash
./test.native
```

Alternatively just type

```bash
make
```

## Interactive Shell
`utop` is a command line program which allows you to run Ocaml code interactively. The easiest way to install it is via opam:
```bash
opam install utop
```
Consult [utop](https://github.com/diml/utop/blob/master/README.md) for more detail.

## Feedback, Issues, Pull Requests
The [exercism/xocaml](https://github.com/exercism/xocaml) repository on
GitHub is the home for all of the Ocaml exercises.

If you have feedback about an exercise, or want to help implementing a new
one, head over there and create an issue.  We'll do our best to help you!

Commit message:

Remove incorrect instructions for running tests. (#145)
corebuild needs some extra options which were not provided
in the SETUP.md. The Makefile will always work and is simpler.

SETUP.md, after:


## Getting Started
For installation and learning resources, refer to the
[exercism help page](http://exercism.io/languages/ocaml).

## Installation
To work on the exercises, you will need `Opam` and `Core`. Consult [opam](https://opam.ocaml.org) website for instructions on how to install for your OS. Once `opam` is installed open a terminal window and run the following command to install core:

opam install core

## Running Tests
A Makefile is provided with a default target to compile your solution and run the tests. At the command line, type:

```bash
make
```

## Interactive Shell
`utop` is a command line program which allows you to run Ocaml code interactively. The easiest way to install it is via opam:
```bash
opam install utop
```
Consult [utop](https://github.com/diml/utop/blob/master/README.md) for more detail.

## Feedback, Issues, Pull Requests
The [exercism/xocaml](https://github.com/exercism/xocaml) repository on
GitHub is the home for all of the Ocaml exercises.

If you have feedback about an exercise, or want to help implementing a new
one, head over there and create an issue.  We'll do our best to help you!
