exercises/meetup/README.md, before:

# Meetup

Calculate the date of meetups.

Typically meetups happen on the same day of the week.  In this exercise, you
will take a description of a meetup date, and return the actual meetup date.

Examples of general descriptions are:

- The first Monday of January 2017
- The third Tuesday of January 2017
- The wednesteenth of January 2017
- The last Thursday of January 2017

The descriptors you are expected to parse are:
first, second, third, fourth, fifth, last, monteenth, tuesteenth, wednesteenth,
thursteenth, friteenth, saturteenth, sunteenth

Note that "monteenth", "tuesteenth", etc are all made up words. There was a
meetup whose members realized that there are exactly 7 numbered days in a month
that end in '-teenth'. Therefore, one is guaranteed that each day of the week
(Monday, Tuesday, ...) will have exactly one date that is named with '-teenth'
in every month.

Given examples of a meetup dates, each containing a month, day, year, and
descriptor calculate the date of the actual meetup.  For example, if given
"The first Monday of January 2017", the correct meetup date is 2017/1/2.

## Getting Started
For installation and learning resources, refer to the
[exercism help page](http://exercism.io/languages/ocaml).

## Installation
To work on the exercises, you will need `Opam` and `Base`. Consult [opam](https://opam.ocaml.org) website for instructions on how to install `opam` for your OS. Once `opam` is installed open a terminal window and run the following command to install base:

```bash
opam install base
```

To run the tests you will need `OUnit`. Install it using `opam`:

```bash
opam install ounit
```

## Running Tests
A Makefile is provided with a default target to compile your solution and run the tests. At the command line, type:

```bash
make
```

## Interactive Shell
`utop` is a command line program which allows you to run Ocaml code interactively. The easiest way to install it is via opam:
```bash
opam install utop
```
Consult [utop](https://github.com/diml/utop/blob/master/README.md) for more detail.

## Feedback, Issues, Pull Requests
The [exercism/ocaml](https://github.com/exercism/ocaml) repository on
GitHub is the home for all of the Ocaml exercises.

If you have feedback about an exercise, or want to help implementing a new
one, head over there and create an issue.  We'll do our best to help you!

## Source

Jeremy Hinegardner mentioned a Boulder meetup that happens on the Wednesteenth of every month [https://twitter.com/copiousfreetime](https://twitter.com/copiousfreetime)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

Change README for meetup to use Core_kernel #288
While this exercise still depends on Core_kernel (see #277), at least refer to it in the README.

exercises/meetup/README.md, after:

# Meetup

Calculate the date of meetups.

Typically meetups happen on the same day of the week.  In this exercise, you
will take a description of a meetup date, and return the actual meetup date.

Examples of general descriptions are:

- The first Monday of January 2017
- The third Tuesday of January 2017
- The wednesteenth of January 2017
- The last Thursday of January 2017

The descriptors you are expected to parse are:
first, second, third, fourth, fifth, last, monteenth, tuesteenth, wednesteenth,
thursteenth, friteenth, saturteenth, sunteenth

Note that "monteenth", "tuesteenth", etc are all made up words. There was a
meetup whose members realized that there are exactly 7 numbered days in a month
that end in '-teenth'. Therefore, one is guaranteed that each day of the week
(Monday, Tuesday, ...) will have exactly one date that is named with '-teenth'
in every month.

Given examples of a meetup dates, each containing a month, day, year, and
descriptor calculate the date of the actual meetup.  For example, if given
"The first Monday of January 2017", the correct meetup date is 2017/1/2.

## Getting Started
For installation and learning resources, refer to the
[exercism help page](http://exercism.io/languages/ocaml).

## Installation
To work on the exercises, you will need `Opam` and `Core_kernel`. Consult [opam](https://opam.ocaml.org) website for instructions on how to install `opam` for your OS. Once `opam` is installed open a terminal window and run the following command to install core\_kernel:

```bash
opam install core_kernel
```

To run the tests you will need `OUnit`. Install it using `opam`:

```bash
opam install ounit
```

## Running Tests
A Makefile is provided with a default target to compile your solution and run the tests. At the command line, type:

```bash
make
```

## Interactive Shell
`utop` is a command line program which allows you to run Ocaml code interactively. The easiest way to install it is via opam:
```bash
opam install utop
```
Consult [utop](https://github.com/diml/utop/blob/master/README.md) for more detail.

## Feedback, Issues, Pull Requests
The [exercism/ocaml](https://github.com/exercism/ocaml) repository on
GitHub is the home for all of the Ocaml exercises.

If you have feedback about an exercise, or want to help implementing a new
one, head over there and create an issue.  We'll do our best to help you!

## Source

Jeremy Hinegardner mentioned a Boulder meetup that happens on the Wednesteenth of every month [https://twitter.com/copiousfreetime](https://twitter.com/copiousfreetime)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
